Issues 65 and  66: packet loss rate p, ABC and Delayed ACK (#80)
NTAP/rfc8312bis: draft-ietf-tcpm-rfc8312bis.md

*W<sub>est</sub>* is set equal to *cwnd<sub>start</sub>* at the start
of the congestion avoidance stage. After that, on every ACK,

> *W<sub>est</sub>* is updated using {{eq4}}. Note that, this equation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*W<sub>est</sub>* is updated using {{eq4}}. Note that this equation
```

> is for a connection in which Appropriate Byte Counting (ABC) {{!RFC3465}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is for a connection where Appropriate Byte Counting (ABC) {{!RFC3465}}
```

> is disabled. For a connection with ABC enabled, this equation should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is disabled. For a connection with ABC enabled, this equation SHOULD be
```

> adjusted using the number of acknowledged  bytes instead of acknowledged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adjusted by using the number of acknowledged bytes instead of acknowledged
```

> segments. Also note that, this equation works for connections with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments. Also note that this equation works for connections with
```

> Delayed ACK {{!RFC5681}} both enabled and disabled, as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabled or disabled Delayed ACKs {{!RFC5681}}, as
```

*segments_acked* will be different based on

> the actually acknowledged  segments by an ACK.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the segments actually acknowledged by an ACK.  
```
